// Name : Neron Parmar
// Student ID : 171690217
// File : reflect.txt
// Date : 12/2/23
// All the work in the milestone has done by my own and no part of the work is copied or shared with anyone.

In the milestone works, the whole milestone was divided into three parts. Each part was the base part for the upcoming milestones. In the first milestone i was asked to create total two modules one Utilities and the second one Station. Each module had its implementation file and the header file. The Utilities module deals with the inputing files and other things while the station module deals with managing the information of the station. In this part that is for the station module i was having the item, its serial number and how much that item is in the stock and its description to be printed. However, there wasn't much to do in the first milestone. Yet in the milestone 2, i was suppose to implement the CustometOrder module and this was suppose to be built on the basis of the previous milestone. In this module of CustomerOrder i had implemented the constructors, destructors and the operators as told to do so. Even i implemented the copy and move semantics. However, the copy assignment operator in this had to be deleted as asked to do so. Yet for me in this part there were few problems faced with the copy constructor and the one argument constructor. In the copy constructor i was asked to throw an exception if the constructor is called, but i wasn't being initilized properly. However, i figured out my mistake and later fixed that issue. However, the main problem i faced was in the one argument constructor as it was suppose to read the file and extract it.Yet, it wasn't extracting file completely and later i found that i didn't incremented the count and then after fixing that issue by adding the incrementation of count++ i was able to get the file extracted. Furthermore, talking about the milestone 3  this was a bit challenging thing for me. In this i was suppose to implement two modules, the first module was Workstation module and the second module was the LineManager module. The Workstation module dealt with the filling of the customer orders at the stations and this was suppose to be done with the double ended queues and the LineManager module dealt with the moving of the orders along with the line. In the LineManager module there was implementation of vector function too. Moreover, in the Workstation module all the copy and move semantics were set to delete. However, talking about the whole milestone it was a great experience of learning especillay about th double ended queues. In this whole milestone the another thing that was much more focused on was the algorithms and the vector functions.